doc: Improve CW340 setup instructions for SPI and USB connections (#30915)
lowRISC/opentitan: doc/getting_started/setup_fpga.md

1. Make sure the DIP switch SW4 on the top side of the board has all switches (1-8) in the ON position.
1. Make sure the DIP switches on the bottom side of the board are set up as follows:
   - SW1, SW2: all switches (1 to 8) in the OFF position
   - SW3: switch 1 in the ON position, switch 2, 3 in the OFF position.
   - SW10, SW11: all switches (1 to 3) in the ON position
   - SW12: all switches (1 to 6) in the ON position
   - DIP switch connected to IOB0 - IOB7: all switches (1 to 8) in the ON position
   - DIP switch connected to IOB8 - IOB12: switch 1 to 7 in the ON position, switch 8 in the OFF position.
1. If you are connecting a HyperDebug board to your CW340 base board, follow instructions in the [HyperDebug Board](#hyperdebug-board) section.
1. Afterwards, depending on your use case, do the following:
   - If you want to run SPI host tests, make sure a compatible flash chip is inserted in the U29 socket (right of the SW4).
     Without a flash you will most likely see the error `SFDP signature is 0xffffffff. CHECK-fail: Expected to find the SFDP signature!`, see below.
   - If you want to run USB host tests, make sure to connect a USB-C cable to J9 (next to JP2).

>      This USB cable can either be connected directly to your computer or alternatively connect it to one of the downstream USB ports (J8 or J33).

Reviewer: Some USB tests assumes that the cable is connected to the CW340 internal hub on port 4 (J8).

Author: Why is this the case?

Reviewer: For context: https://github.com/lowRISC/opentitan/pull/29372 https://github.com/lowRISC/software-team/issues/31.

Basically the port needs to be disabled via the hub to avoid the issue described in https://github.com/lowRISC/software-team/issues/31.

Author: Thanks

   - DIP switch connected to IOB0 - IOB7: all switches (1 to 8) in the ON position
   - DIP switch connected to IOB8 - IOB12: switch 1 to 7 in the ON position, switch 8 in the OFF position.
8. Depending on your use case, do one of the following:

>    - If you are connecting a HyperDebug board to your CW340 base board, follow instructions in the [HyperDebug Board](#hyperdebug-board) section.

Reviewer 2: The sub-points that follow are not alternatives anymore. Maybe you could say something like:

```suggestion
8. If you are connecting a HyperDebug board to your CW340 base board, follow instructions in the [HyperDebug Board](#hyperdebug-board) section, otherwise continue with the instructions below:
```

Author: I tried to clarify that setting up the hyperdebug board is not optional.

   - If you want to run SPI host tests, make sure a compatible flash chip is inserted in the U29 socket (right of the SW4).
     Without a flash you will most likely see the error `SFDP signature is 0xffffffff. CHECK-fail: Expected to find the SFDP signature!`, see below.
   - If you want to run USB host tests, make sure to connect a USB-C cable to J9 (next to JP2).

>      This USB connection can either be connected directly to your computer or alternatively connect it to one of the downstream USB ports (J8 or J33).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
     This USB cable can either be connected directly to your computer or to one of the downstream USB ports (J8 or J33).
```

[![bottom view of the CW340 board](cw340-bottom-lowres.webp)](cw340-bottom.webp)

#### SFDP signature error
If a test fails with
```

> SFDP signature is 0xffffffff.

Reviewer: The SFDP error can also be displayed during bootstrapping because the ROM uses the SPI flash protocol. In that case, the error message will be slightly different. This indicates that opentitantool cannot communicate with the ROM via HyperDebug (which could be due to many causes, including a wrong bitstream or a connection issue).

Author: Added this information.

Author: Added this information.

CHECK-fail: Expected to find the SFDP signature!
```
most likely something is wrong with the flash in U29.
Check that there is a flash chip inserted and that it is properly mounted.

> This error occurs because if the flash is not properly connected, the data pin is weakly pulled high, resulting in a read of `'1`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This error happens when the flash chip is not properly connected, leaving the data pin pulled high and causing the system to read a continuous '1.
```
